In life, someday you realise8 that you have reached a phase now where it feel that no one, literaly no one cares about others. 
May it be your parents, you husband, your friends, colleagues or, the person you loved more than yourself someday, no one really cares, at least in my case.
I have no idea, where I made a mistake to make people behave like this to me or, where I overlooked when I thought that they really cared. I know, I really loved them, 
cared for them, thought of them as my own people. I always tried to be a nice, helping, caring person. Almost always did only good to people. 
I feel that I am the most caring person, I always keep them ahead of me, Think good for them before I think good for myself.
I love people in the most selfless way, in a way they want to be loved.
I think, 100% of the people are unlike me with no exceptions. I literally found no one yet in my life who loves, cares in a way like I do.
I am ready now to admit that, I am at fault. I have been doing over-love, over-care, over-share, over-trust, over-believe and so on. 
I admit that I am a over-doing person. 
But, did I do over-expecting also?
No, I don't think so, I feel, I only expected the bare minimum. 
If I did a 1000 things for them, I was may be expecting a 10 from them. Is that too much?
Am I wrong, if I expected not equal to the love that I had for them, but at least some amount of respect?
I didn't expect the equal amount of efforts that I did for them, but I just wanted those efforts to be respected. 
I agree on "you don't get respect, you have to earn it". But I feel that I did everything to earn that respect, but never got it. From lietrally no one.
Not from parents, not from husband, not from friends or, not even any of my lovers. 
I kept on doing whatever was expected from me by them but none of them ever was able to do what I expected from them. 
They just kept on using me for their own good, and I am sure they will still keep on using me.
I am ready to admit that I am fool. Not 100% sure, if I will be a fool forever, but the margin of error here will be less than a 10%.
This 10% might be in two different way, either I be a better person 90% and still 10% fool or, I be a 90% fool and 10% a better person than I have been all my life.
A better person here means, a person who is not a over-doer. Who keeps their emotions sorted unlike mine who are yet all messed up. 
A better person is a person who does who what she wants to do, and not what she feels like doing. 
A person with good control on her emotion. Behaves in a way she wants to behave and not driven by instant fellings & emotions.  
A better person speaks what she wants to speak and not what she feels like speaking. 
A better person is who is able to control the anger and love too, hatred and affection too, care and negligence too. Positives and negatives too.

